All of you in this room are rubbish in my eyes
There's no need to brag in front of you
In addition to bragging to comfort myself
What else can you do?
Wang Liuye, you refuse me now
I'll put you to bed as well
I promise you you'll die ugly
Need tomorrow
Am I going to die? I don't know.
I know you're dead.
Oh, yeah, I got to tell you.
Before you die
I'm going to get Tang Miaoying and your ex-wife up there
Because they are moist
This young master likes it very much.
You want to die so much
I fulfill you
Great Saint
Wild dragon wrongs you
This is what you call a hero among people
What else can you do but violence?
Just say something temporarily
You deserve to hit him
Do you know what you're talking about?
Wait for him to plan if something good happens
Your entire Tang family is buried with you
You know better than me who these two are
No one is someone you can offend
We don't have any identity background
Why hit them?
Why?
I let you know why
Just by his kingdom's order to destroy me
Your mother's contract is fake